Add documentation on Clap (#18663)
guillep/pharo-core: doc/CommandLineAPplication/clap.md

# CLAP — Command line argument parser for Pharo

> Named after and inspired by [clap-rs](https://github.com/kbknapp/clap-rs), but this is an independent implementation.
> Clap is a library for implementing command line applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clap is a library for implementing command line applications.
Named after and inspired by [clap-rs](https://github.com/kbknapp/clap-rs), but as an independent implementation.
```

I think the first line should be the objective of the project

    self
		assert: context stdio stdout contents utf8Decoded
		equals: 'bonjour, tout le monde.' , OSPlatform current lineEnding
```
Using `activateWith:` on the command specification gives you the activation (the Clap context) AND also execute the command.
That's why you can test the command exit code and outputs.

Here is another example: a test on the Pharo `eval` command:
```language=smalltalk
testCanGetStFile
	| command |
	context := ClapSTFileEvaluator commandSpecification activationWith: #('st' 'foo.st' 'bar.st' 'bla').
	command := context command.
	
	self
		assert: command allStFiles size
		equals: 2.
		
	self
		assertCollection: command allStFiles
		hasSameElements: #('foo.st' 'bar.st').
```
We test the logic of the `#allStFiles` method to ensure it only collects files with the relevant extension.
Note that we now use the `activationWith:` message tha gives you back the activation. Then, you need to run the matching, validation by yourself.
In this example, when calling `command`, these previous steps are called to ensure you get a usable instance of the command.

## Command line design

Here are some advide to design your command line:

> - Split command-line logic from business logic to eaase maintenance, reusability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Split command-line logic from business logic to ease maintenance, re-usability
```
